Now that you've graduated from Luna University with a degree in Arts & Humanities, what have you lined up for yourself? \n\nOh you haven't lined up a job yet? Well, lucky for you, the university Placement Program still has spaces left. Here are the choices. What are you interested in?

The working world isn't very similar to university life, is it? Less socialising, less comforts, less time to daydream. But hey, you're making your way in the world. This is what it was all for!\n\nI noticed you at least made a few new friends. Of course I read your diary, everything you do is recorded. You could even say I AM your diary. I'm here to help you make choices. So, how about those friends? Are you interested in joining them on something new?

Hey... I couldn't help but notice your entries have been downers lately. How is that venture with FRIEND going? Have you learned a lot about yourself lately? What would you say you've realized about yourself? Let's get you out of this rut and doing what you actually want to be doing with your life, finally! 

Hey NAME, it's been a year. What do you think of the ATTITUDE life? Does it suit you? Oh, you're fixing to start something yourself? Like J or TK? I wonder how they're doing. Actually, I can tell you; J's product didn't work out, but they're working for a multiplanetary now. TK's co-op is still going, but it's not growing. I'll bet you will succeed, whatever that means for you. I've noticed your emotional health stats have stabilized and your happiness quotient is averaging higher than before. That's great! So, what's this new thing you want to do? 

Good morning, NAME. Here is a review of your accomplishments. You've gone from BRANCH 1 to BRANCH 2 to BRANCH 3 and lately BRANCH 4, and have been KM km across the Solar System. You tend to be a/an ATTITUDE-type person. You have no appointments today.\n\nToday's news: Multiplanetary Corps Clash. Tensions between multiplans have escalated to physical attacks, where freighters have had their engines destroyed and left to drift in space. Some freights have been raided by unnamed groups, but so far all staff have been rescued by Red Sol humanitarian vessels. While multiplan CEOs have not claimed the attacks on each others' freights, Luna News has noticed competitors take advantage of open competitor trade routes immediately after the attacks.\n\nMedical Crisis on Earth. Several diseases have ripped through the farming co-ops on Earth, which may lead to losses in fabric and seed production for the satellites. Red Sol has deployed all available medical and transport staff to deliver aid and generate medicines for the Earth population.\n\nLuna Loses Economic Sovereignty. The Council of Earth has cancelled Luna's independent trade sovereignty over allegations that the Council of Luna's chief economist has been feeding competitor trade data to multiplans, which in turn led to the physical attacks on multiplan freighters. The Council of Earth fears these attacks will destroy smaller competitors, literally, and return the Solar System to interplanetary monopolies. The chief economist was last seen on a private vehicle bound for Venus's Eros luxury satellite.\n\nNot a slow news day!\n\nThere's something on your mind, isn't there? Something you've been meaning to do? Your latest endeavour has been very successful, but you're no longer just thinking about yourself. You want to help others. What do you want to do?

How does it feel being a/an ATTITUDE in your latest endeavour? Does it suit you? You've done a lot in this life, but it's too soon to use the logout service for a more permanent rest. I know you've been thinking about something more long term, more settled. You tend to be ATTITUDE and ATTITUDE. You enjoyed being a/an ATTITUDE the most. How was LATEST_CHOICE?\n\nYou've already written out your plan for your next, last phase (at least for a while!) and you don't need me to list out all your potential options. I know you've chosen one already. 
