An NGO on Earth needs animal care interns. The atmosphere on Earth is decent, for now, and the work would be manual labour, cleaning up after the animals. There are few opportunities to get this close to real wildlife these days. What do you think?
You could stay on Luna and intern for a tech company. Are you interested in the growing engineering space on Luna? Or maybe you just want to stay here for a while? Your work would entail doing minor jobs for full-time staff. You could make some good network connections that might help you later on. How about it?
Flight school is a good option that lets you join the growing interplanetary delivery fleet. There are countless competitors vying for pilots, although the pay is on commission. This would certainly feed your travel bug, if you've got one. Do you want to do this?

J wants to build a new product. Their parents are inventors, you know. It could be a solid bet. What do you have to offer? Do you trust J to make you a good deal? You're valuable, right? Even if your technical achievments are few. How about it?
TK is your older friend who wants to realise their dream of building a grocery and hardware co-op. You would be a financial investor as well as help build it from the ground up. Maybe you can bring in the customers, or maybe you can design the supply chain. Anything is up for grabs at this point. Do you want to do it?
C wants to rent one of those newer units and settle into the groove of their current life. That sounds relaxing, doesn't it? You can keep doing what you're doing here. Who needs change? Do you want to rent a home with your friend and stay a while?

Do you feel the need to work with your hands? Get in touch with the material world? Sitting in a chair most of the time can't be good for your body, or your soul!
Do you feel the need to help people? Social action is very rewarding, or so I understand it. According to my data, people's happiness quotient rises when they feel they have helped others. Is this what you need?
Do you feel the need to be alone? Maybe society is getting you down, or you just need more time to yourself to reenergize. I can understand that, I think. Do you want to do something solo?

You want to start a book club? A multiplanetary one? I think that's a great idea. It's important to socialise, no matter where you are. And I know you have stories to tell! No, no, you've definitely lived a life! For what it's worth, I enjoy reading, or being, your diary. So, you gonna start a book club?
You want to travel? It's true, there are plenty of opportunities and experiences elsewhere. The asteroids are known to  regenerate hearts and minds, since there isn't much to do but work and rest. It's a unique experience second to none. The moons tend towards exciting topology, whether ice, volcanoes or acidic gas. The research satellites are fun places to go. I've heard they have the best cafeterias and game rooms. So, wanna hitch a ride to the nearest small body?
You want to build something with your own hands? That's an exciting prospect, and it will take you to more populated places that share resources. It would be too much to try to buy all the tools you need yourself, you'll need to join a co-op. Is this what you want to do? 

Do you want to return to Luna to support the small business economy?
Do you want to go to Earth and lend a hand to the humanitarian efforts there?
Do you want to go to a small body and help build a new independent society from the massively multiplanetary corps colonies? 

You're ready to start your own farm co-op in the unforgiving nearby LOCATION.BODY. 
You're not done traveling; you're getting your own ship and joining the gig workforce. By now, you'll have enough experience to grab seniority; your level of trust from your network is high. You're planning to be based out of the nearest satellite, LOCATION.BODY.
You believe supporting the natural world is the most important thing to do in this busy solar system. You're moving to LOCATION.BODY to work with an avian care NGO. 
